c:\users\whosql\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\hastane\hastane\bin\Debug\hastane.exe.config
c:\users\whosql\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\hastane\hastane\bin\Debug\hastane.exe
c:\users\whosql\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\hastane\hastane\bin\Debug\hastane.pdb
c:\users\whosql\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\hastane\hastane\obj\Debug\hastane.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\whosql\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\hastane\hastane\obj\Debug\hastane.Form1.resources
c:\users\whosql\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\hastane\hastane\obj\Debug\hastane.HastaGİRİŞ.resources
c:\users\whosql\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\hastane\hastane\obj\Debug\hastane.HastaKAYIT.resources
c:\users\whosql\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\hastane\hastane\obj\Debug\hastane.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\whosql\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\hastane\hastane\obj\Debug\hastane.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\whosql\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\hastane\hastane\obj\Debug\hastane.exe
c:\users\whosql\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\hastane\hastane\obj\Debug\hastane.pdb
C:\Users\WHOSQL\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\hastane\hastane\obj\Debug\hastane.HASTAPLATFORM.resources
C:\Users\WHOSQL\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\hastane\hastane\obj\Debug\hastane.ADMİNGİRİŞ.resources
C:\Users\WHOSQL\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\hastane\hastane\obj\Debug\hastane.ADMİNPLATFORM.resources
C:\Users\WHOSQL\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\hastane\hastane\obj\Debug\hastane.AdminDOKTORLAR.resources
C:\Users\WHOSQL\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\hastane\hastane\obj\Debug\hastane.admin_ilaçlar.resources
C:\Users\WHOSQL\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\hastane\hastane\obj\Debug\hastane.admin_klinik.resources
C:\Users\WHOSQL\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\hastane\hastane\obj\Debug\hastane.admin_hastaliklar.resources
C:\Users\WHOSQL\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\hastane\hastane\obj\Debug\hastane.admin_tahliller.resources
C:\Users\WHOSQL\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\hastane\hastane\obj\Debug\hastane.admin_admins.resources
C:\Users\WHOSQL\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\hastane\hastane\obj\Debug\hastane.admin_sekreterler.resources
